`select` is a Go language construct that enables you to wait for multiple channel operations to complete at the same time. It provides a way to block until one of several channels has data available to be received or until a timeout occurs. This makes it easy to handle multiple channels in a non-blocking way, without having to use complex synchronization primitives like mutexes.

The syntax of `select` is similar to that of a switch statement. Each case specifies a channel operation (either a send or a receive) and the code to execute if that operation is successful. The `default` case is executed if no other case is ready to be executed.

Here is an example of how `select` can be used:

```go
func main() {
    ch1 := make(chan int)
    ch2 := make(chan int)

    go func() {
        ch1 <- 1
    }()

    go func() {
        ch2 <- 2
    }()

    select {
    case val := <-ch1:
        fmt.Println("Received from ch1:", val)
    case val := <-ch2:
        fmt.Println("Received from ch2:", val)
    }
}
```

In this example, we create two channels `ch1` and `ch2` and start two goroutines that send values on those channels. Then we use `select` to wait for a value to be received from one of the channels. When a value is received, we print a message indicating which channel it came from.

If both channels have a value to be received, `select` will choose one of the cases at random. If neither channel has a value to be received, `select` will block until one of the channels has data available to be received.

`select` can also be used with a `default` case to handle timeouts or to provide a fallback operation if no other case is ready to be executed. For example:

```go
select {
case val := <-ch:
    fmt.Println("Received:", val)
case <-time.After(time.Second):
    fmt.Println("Timed out")
default:
    fmt.Println("No data available")
}
```

In this example, we use the `time.After` function to create a timer that will send a value on a channel after a specified duration (in this case, one second). We use `select` to wait for either a value to be received from a channel or for the timer to expire. If the timer expires before a value is received, the `default` case will be executed.