A WaitGroup in Go is a synchronization primitive that allows a program to wait for a collection of goroutines to complete their execution. It can be used to coordinate the execution of a set of goroutines and wait for them to finish before proceeding to the next step in the program.

The WaitGroup provides three methods:

1. `Add(int)` method: used to add the number of goroutines you want to wait for.
2. `Done()` method: used to signal that a goroutine has finished executing.
3. `Wait()` method: blocks until the WaitGroup counter becomes zero.

Here is an example of using WaitGroup to coordinate a set of goroutines:

```
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "sync"
)

func worker(id int, wg *sync.WaitGroup) {
    defer wg.Done()

    fmt.Printf("Worker %d starting\n", id)

    // Simulate some work.
    for i := 0; i < 100000000; i++ {
        // Do some calculation.
    }

    fmt.Printf("Worker %d done\n", id)
}

func main() {
    var wg sync.WaitGroup

    for i := 1; i <= 5; i++ {
        wg.Add(1)
        go worker(i, &wg)
    }

    wg.Wait()
    fmt.Println("All workers done")
}
```

In this example, we create a set of five goroutines that each do some work and then exit. We use the WaitGroup to ensure that the main function doesn't exit until all the goroutines have finished. For each goroutine we create, we call `wg.Add(1)` to increment the WaitGroup counter, and then we call `go worker(i, &wg)` to start the goroutine. Inside the `worker` function, we call `wg.Done()` to signal that the goroutine has finished.

The main function calls `wg.Wait()` to block until all the goroutines have finished executing. Once all the goroutines have finished, the program prints "All workers done" to indicate that the program is finished.

Using a WaitGroup to coordinate the execution of a set of goroutines is a simple and effective way to make sure that the program doesn't exit before all the goroutines have finished their work.