In React 18, you can use suspense by wrapping your asynchronous component or resource with the Suspense component. Here's an example:

```javascript
import { Suspense } from 'react';

function MyAsyncComponent() {
  const promise = fetch('https://api.example.com/data').then(response => response.json());

  const data = suspenseWrapper.read(promise);

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>My Async Component</h1>
      <p>Data: {data}</p>
    </div>
  );
}

function MyFallbackComponent() {
  return <div>Loading...</div>;
}

const suspenseWrapper = createServerComponent(() => {
  return (
    <Suspense fallback={<MyFallbackComponent />}>
      <MyAsyncComponent />
    </Suspense>
  );
});

export default suspenseWrapper;
```

In this example, we define an asynchronous component called `MyAsyncComponent` that fetches some data from an API and renders it in a component. We wrap this component in a `Suspense` component, which specifies a fallback component to render while the data is being fetched.

To create a server component that uses suspense, we use the `createServerComponent` function to create a server component wrapper around our `Suspense` component and `MyAsyncComponent`. When the server renders this component, it will wait for the data to be fetched before sending the resulting HTML to the client.

Note that the `read` method in the `suspenseWrapper` is a new API introduced in React 18 that allows you to "wait" for the asynchronous task to complete. It is only available inside server components or other components that run on the server.

In addition to using suspense with asynchronous components, you can also use it with images, scripts, and other resources that take time to load. The basic usage is the same: wrap the component or resource in a `Suspense` component, and specify a fallback component to render while the content is being loaded.

Suspense is a powerful feature that can greatly improve the user experience of your application, but it does require some careful consideration and design to use effectively. Be sure to read the React documentation on suspense for more information and best practices.