ZMQ provides inter-process communication (IPC) capabilities that can be used to communicate between processes running on the same machine. The IPC mechanisms provided by ZMQ include shared memory, Unix domain sockets, and named pipes.

Here's an example of how to use ZMQ for IPC:

1. Install the ZMQ library for your programming language of choice. You can use a package manager such as `pip` for Python or `npm` for Node.js to install the ZMQ library.

2. Choose an IPC mechanism to use. ZMQ supports several IPC mechanisms, including shared memory, Unix domain sockets, and named pipes. The choice of IPC mechanism will depend on the specific requirements of your application.

3. Create a ZMQ socket and bind it to an IPC endpoint. In ZMQ, sockets are the endpoints that messages are sent and received through. To create a socket and bind it to an IPC endpoint, you can use code similar to the following (in this case, using a Unix domain socket):

```python
import zmq

context = zmq.Context()
socket = context.socket(zmq.REQ)
socket.bind("ipc:///tmp/mysocket.ipc")
```

Create a second ZMQ socket and connect it to the same IPC endpoint. In this case, we'll create a socket that sends messages to the first socket:

```python
import zmq

context = zmq.Context()
socket = context.socket(zmq.REQ)
socket.connect("ipc:///tmp/mysocket.ipc")
```

Send messages between the two sockets using the `send()` and `recv()` methods. For example, to send a message from the second socket to the first socket, you can use code like this:

```python
socket.send(b"Hello from the second socket!")
message = socket.recv()
print("Received message: %s" % message)
```

Note that the exact code will depend on the programming language you are using and the specific IPC mechanism you are using. Also, when using named pipes for IPC, be sure to handle errors related to pipe creation and cleanup, as well as ensuring proper permissions for the named pipe.