## Installing Kubernetes on local machine

#### Kubectl
`kubectl` is the command-line tool used to interact with Kubernetes clusters. Here are the general steps to install `kubectl` on your machine:

Download the `kubectl` binary: You can download the latest version of `kubectl` from the official Kubernetes website. You should choose the appropriate version for your operating system.

Install the kubectl binary: Once you have downloaded the kubectl binary, you will need to make it executable and move it to a directory in your `$PATH`. On Linux and macOS, you can use the following commands to make it executable and move it to the appropriate directory:

```bash
chmod +x ./kubectl
sudo mv ./kubectl /usr/local/bin/kubectl
```

On Windows, you can move the binary to a directory in your `$PATH`, such as `C:\Windows\System32`.

Verify the installation: Once `kubectl` is installed, you can verify that it is working by running the command `kubectl` version. This should display the version information for both the `kubectl` client and the Kubernetes server.

#### Minikube

To install Minikube, follow these general steps:

1. Check the requirements: Before installing Minikube, make sure your machine meets the requirements. You will need a hypervisor installed, such as VirtualBox, VMware, or HyperKit, as well as a compatible operating system.

2. Install a Hypervisor: If you don't have a hypervisor installed, install one now. The installation process will vary depending on your operating system and the hypervisor you choose.

3. Install Minikube: Download and install Minikube from the official website for your operating system (https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/). This typically involves downloading a binary and adding it to your `$PATH`.

4. Verify the installation: Once Minikube is installed, verify that it is working correctly by running the command `minikube version`. This should display the version information for Minikube.

5. Start Minikube: You can start a local Kubernetes cluster by running the command `minikube start`. This will start a virtual machine with a single-node Kubernetes cluster.

6. Verify the Cluster: Once the cluster is started, you can verify that it is running correctly by running the command `kubectl cluster-info`. This should display information about the cluster, including the Kubernetes API server.