Kubernetes is a popular container orchestration platform that allows you to manage and deploy containerized applications at scale. Scaling your application in Kubernetes can be done in two ways:

1. Horizontal scaling: This involves adding or removing replicas of your application's pods to increase or decrease the number of instances of your application running in the cluster. Horizontal scaling is useful when you need to handle more traffic or when you want to improve the resilience of your application by running multiple instances.
You can use Kubernetes deployment objects to horizontally scale your application. You can increase or decrease the number of replicas of a deployment using the `kubectl scale` command or by updating the deployment object's YAML file.

For example, to scale a deployment named `myapp` to have four replicas, you can use the following command:

```bash
kubectl scale --replicas=4 deployment/myapp
```

2. Vertical scaling: This involves changing the resource allocation (CPU and memory) of your application's pods to increase or decrease their capacity. Vertical scaling is useful when you need to handle more workload, but cannot add more instances due to resource constraints.

You can use Kubernetes Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) to automatically adjust the number of replicas based on CPU or memory usage. You can also manually adjust the resource allocation for each pod by updating the pod's YAML file or by using the `kubectl edit` command.

For example, to manually set the CPU limit for a pod named `mypod` to 2 CPU cores, you can use the following command:

```bash
kubectl edit pod/mypod
```

This will open the pod's YAML file in your default editor. You can then add the following lines under the spec.containers.resources section:

```yaml
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 2
```