Kubernetes networking is an important aspect of managing containerized applications. In a Kubernetes cluster, each node has a unique IP address and pods are assigned unique IP addresses. These IP addresses allow pods and nodes to communicate with each other and with external resources.

Kubernetes provides two networking models: Container Network Interface (CNI) and Kubernetes Service Networking.

The Container Network Interface (CNI) is a specification that allows Kubernetes to interact with different networking solutions. The CNI model allows the Kubernetes cluster to leverage third-party networking solutions like Calico, Flannel, or Weave.

The Kubernetes Service Networking model provides a way for Kubernetes to expose services within the cluster to the outside world. Services are virtual IP addresses that Kubernetes creates to route traffic to a set of pods. This makes it easy to manage and scale applications by abstracting away the underlying infrastructure.

Kubernetes networking also includes concepts like network policies and ingress. Network policies are rules that define how pods can communicate with each other and with external resources. They are used to provide security and control access to resources. Ingress is a Kubernetes resource that provides external access to services within the cluster.

Kubernetes networking also involves the use of Kubernetes components like kube-proxy and CoreDNS. kube-proxy is responsible for managing network routing and load balancing within the cluster. CoreDNS is a DNS server that provides name resolution for Kubernetes resources.