Dynamic provisioning in Kubernetes is a feature that allows for automatic creation and management of storage resources. It enables users to request storage resources on-demand, without the need for manual intervention by the cluster administrator. With dynamic provisioning, Kubernetes automatically creates a Persistent Volume (PV) and binds it to a Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) when the user requests storage.

Dynamic provisioning is achieved through the use of a StorageClass in Kubernetes. A StorageClass is a resource that defines the type of storage to be used and the provisioner to be used to create the storage. The provisioner is responsible for creating the actual storage resource on the underlying infrastructure, such as a cloud provider or a storage system.

Here is an example of a StorageClass definition for dynamic provisioning in Kubernetes:

```yaml
kind: StorageClass
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: fast-storage
provisioner: kubernetes.io/aws-ebs
parameters:
  type: gp2
  zone: us-west-2a
```

In this example, the StorageClass is named "fast-storage" and it uses the "kubernetes.io/aws-ebs" provisioner to dynamically provision volumes. The "parameters" section specifies additional information for provisioning the volumes, such as the "type" and "zone".

When a user requests storage resources by creating a PVC and specifies the "fast-storage" StorageClass, Kubernetes dynamically provisions a PV that matches the characteristics defined in the StorageClass. The user can then use the PVC to access the storage resources, and Kubernetes takes care of managing the underlying storage infrastructure.

Dynamic provisioning is a powerful feature in Kubernetes that simplifies storage management and allows for more efficient use of resources. It enables users to easily request storage resources on-demand, without the need for manual intervention by the cluster administrator.